The stages of Madonna.
ANNOUNCER:
In second place, Wax Madonnas.
ASHLEE:
They're not ever gonna win
with these character pieces.
ABBY LEE: The minis are official
members of the ALDC.
TIFFANIE: Peyton was
in the corner, going,
"Mommy, just stop."
KERRI:
No, she didn't.
Peyton was on my lap,
dumb (bleep).
I'm not engaging with this.
This is not the people
I want to even be inspired by.
I want them all to be stars.
It's all about new beginnings.
Your business is thriving.
Our children are not,
right now.
Oh, you are a class act.
KIRA:
"New beginnings"?
Well, that lasted a week.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
The minis are back.
Who will win the crown?
Girls, you are doing a piece
to pay homage to the artist,
Prince.
JILL: We really need
for this to be amazing.
JESSALYNN:
Abby is walking
in the dance studio
using a walker.
Nope, this is not happening.
This is not happening. Get out.
Get out!
My daughter is the best one
on this team.
You need to back the (bleep) up
out of my face, bitch.
Stop! We're a team!
Whoa!
♪ Livin' on the dance floor ♪
♪ ♪
JILL:
Hi there.
Hello.
Welcome back.
How's everybody?
Nice to see you.
Doing well. Likewise,
you look beautiful...
Nice to see you.
...as always.
Oh, well thank you.
That's nice.
Hi.
Hi, Kerri.
JILL:
I'm never
excited when the minis are back.
Every time the minis are here,
I'm expecting Abby to be to be
too busy to work
with anybody, because...
she can't focus on one team,
let alone two.
I'm Stacey. I'm the new one.
Stacey, I'm Jill.
Nice to meet you.
My daughter is Lilli,
she's in there.
JILL: Oh, good. Oh, look how
cute they look in red.
And on top of that,
now there's a new mom
and a new little girl.
We're coming off of
two really great weeks.
I really hope these minis
don't screw this up for us.
How's it been?
You've been here
a couple weeks.
JILL: We've been here‐‐ we just
finished up our second week.
And Abby had
turned over a new leaf...
HOLLY: We had this thing
with new beginnings.
And definitely by Saturday,
on competition day,
she imploded.
Well 'cause Abby just left,
and the kids were
about to go on stage.
So, by default,
Jess kind of was the new Abby.
JESSALYNN:
Trios. We are dancers
and dance moms,
and dance teachers,
and that is why we're here.
We are dancing
and we are
gonna look good.
Let's go! Let's do it!
HOLLY:
And you know what?
That's the best thing you could
have done, because
when Abby thinks
there is someone else
that she can be
replaced with,
she somehow figures out
how to get herself together.
This week will truly be the test
of Abby's "new beginnings" era.
Can Abby juggle both
the elite competition team,
and the mini competition team?
I don't know.
Maybe last week's incident
was a minor setback,
and this is the week that Abby
whips herself into shape.
JESSALYNN:
What the heck?
JILL:
Oh, my God.
JESSALYNN:
What is going on here?
Abby is walking in the dance
studio using a walker.
I mean, I don't even know.
Let's go.
Hi, Abby. I'm Stacey,
I'm Lilli's mom.
How are you?
Nice to finally
meet you in person.
N i c e to meet you, too.
KERRI:
How can we help you?
Just keep your mouth shut
and be respectful,
All right.
and let our kids dance.
How is it going over there?
How are you guys doing?
JILL:
What happened?
I had a...
treatment thing on my leg.
Did you get actually,
like, cut open?
Oh, yeah.
Do you have stitches?
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. Yes.
As soon as they
had me up,
they like, got me
out of bed
and literally, it like,
burst open
and it just‐‐
blood was splattered everywhere.
They had to move me out of
the room to clean the whole‐‐
to mop the whole room.
It was awful.
Unfortunately, I had to
have knee surgery this week.
I've put it off
for at least four years now.
And it's very painful.
But I also have
a lot of pain killers.
I think I'm gonna be fine.
(chair creaking)
(creaking continues)
ABBY LEE:
Come on, let's go! Pyramid!
Nia's sick, right?
She's here.
I heard through the grapevine
that she was ill, sick.
Strep throat.
Okay.
Hello, sweetie.
All right.
The minis are back.
I know last season was hard.
We lost a few kids
along the way.
But the strong kids survived.
They're back. It's gonna be
a great season.
They're going to learn.
They're going
to grow.
They're going to mature.
And, hopefully,
they're going to win.
We have a new mini member.
Sweetheart, do you want
to introduce yourself?
I'm‐‐ my name is Lilli
and I'm seven years old.
And mom, you want
to introduce yourself?
My name is Stacey,
and I don't want
to say how old I am.
That's fine.
(all laughing)
And what do you do for a living?
I'm a psychologist.
So... this should be fun,
interesting. (laughs)
Lilli is known
for being little but fierce.
We came out to the ALDC because
we have both been
following the team
since Lilli was
a baby.
Lilli has always wanted
to work with Abby.
It's been something
she's been talking about since
she practically could talk.
I want you to be on your
best behavior this week.
And, nobody wants to see
a child crying.
Nobody wants to see a brat.
Nobody wants to see
any of that.
Does anybody want
to see a teacher
sitting in the audience
and eat popcorn
while their kids
are on stage?
This is so good.
It's better than movie theater;
it's so good.
HOLLY: Well, what happened
in the dressing room‐‐
I think you owe everyone who was
in the dressing room an apology.
You were degrading
by flipping me off
in the dressing room.
Unacceptable.
ABBY LEE:
Holly thinks
that I owe her
an apology because
I flipped her off.
She just happened to be the
last one speaking at the time.
So it looked like
it was directed towards her,
but it was really to everybody
that was in the room.
And I apologize,
it was heartfelt.
Very embarrassing.
I would never,
ever do that to a woman.
I've never done that in my life.
I don't even do it
when a car's driving by me.
I don't.
HOLLY:
I think she's embarrassed.
I think that's
what she's sorry about.
But for Abby,
that's one step
in the right direction.
I've known Abby for years.
And that woman never
says she's sorry.
That's a good sign
that maybe it's gonna be
a good week.
All right. Let's get
to the pyramid.
I'm changing things up
a little bit.
I'm gonna start at the top.
The top of the pyramid...
is Nia.
(cheering and applause)
Nia,
you did a trio,
you were first.
Congratulations.
I thought it was great.
I loved it.
Kalani.
Kendall.
And then,
JoJo.
The trio.
My angels.
I thought that you guys
looked amazing.
It was great.
Okay, and then we have Brynn.
Brynn, you didn't have a trio,
or a duet, or a solo,
or anything this week.
All right!
Our minis are on
Yay!
the pyramid for
the very first time.
The first mini
would be Areana.
The last time
the minis were here,
you did a solo
called, "For My Brother."
You really commanded the stage.
And I thought
that you were confident.
Next...
we have Alexus
in the group dance.
You're somebody that
is smart and has
a great ability to comprehend
choreography quickly.
You're a natural born leader,
so the other kids
are following you.
And next,
Oh!
Peyton.
You need to be sharper,
you need to be stronger.
Next.
Elliana.
You need to fit
into the group.
You need to work well
with others.
And lastly,
our newest
apprentice,
Lilli.
So, ladies,
we're attending Sheer Talent
in Dublin, California.
The mini group routine
is entitled,
"Cali Cuties."
Think about
Miss America.
All of you guys
are vying
for that
"Miss Cali" title.
Who will be the best dancer?
Who will win
the crown?
We won't know
that until
the competition,
now will we?
Most teams have a quarterback.
Most dance teams have a star.
Who is going to be
like Maddie was?
Who's the breakout star
of the mini ALDC team?
We'll see.
Girls. You are doing a piece
entitled, "Purple Fame."
This is to pay homage
to the artist, Prince.
JILL: Oh! Very good!
Love it!
This is a musical genius
our world has lost,
who did so much
for music.
And everybody knows every word
to every one of the songs.
I want us to be
brilliant
and as wonderful
as Prince was.
Um, I actually know somebody
in the dance world,
that danced with Prince.
But I just think,
it'd be great for the girls.
Just to tell 'em some stories.
Great.
JESSALYNN: Sometimes when you
do a tribute,
it can fall flat.
And we haven't always
had success with them
in the past.
With Madonna,
it wasn't so great.
I feel like the girls
didn't really
connect with their characters.
And let's not even go
to the Michael Jackson one,
because that one
was so off‐the‐wall,
that I don't even think
the judges got it.
So, with this Prince number,
we need this to be good.
We need the girls to understand
they're doing a tribute
to a legend.
We have two duets.
One is in the
pre‐teen division, and one
is in
the teen division.
So, in the teen division,
Kendall and Nia,
(cheering)
you are performing
a duet.
And this duet
is inspired by another duet
by two pretty famous singers:
Beyoncé and Lady Gaga.
NIA: I'm really excited
because Beyoncé
is, like, my favorite person.
But, I'm not feeling very well,
and I want to make sure that I'm
the best that I can be, because
the last time
I had a duet with Kendall,
it didn't go over so well.
Now, my next duet
in the pre‐teen
division is
going to...
JoJo and Brynn.
(cheering)
The name of the routine
is "Mirror Image."
It is contemporary.
And you will be
mirroring each other.
Jess and I don't have the best
history, of getting along.
So, in order for this duet
to do well,
Jess and I really have
to make sure that
there's just peace
and harmony,
and everybody is singing
"Kumbayah".
So, basically,
it's going to be a disaster.
So, moms,
I'm gonna dismiss you. Guys,
I want you to
spread apart, please.
♪ ♪
So, we have "Purple Fame,"
and that is going to be
in the contemporary category.
Let's hope that the capes
make as big of an impact
as Prince's cape did
when he walked
into the Academy Awards.
He made a statement.
And when you step on that stage,
I want you to make a statement.
Okay, so let's see.
GIANNA: Five, six, seven, eight.
(clapping)
ABBY LEE: Straighten your knees.
Hyperextend your knees
and straighten them!
Pull up through your kneecaps.
Okay. All right,
one more time.
♪ ♪
We've done numbers that have
honored some of
our music icons before.
Michael Jackson,
David Bowie, even Madonna.
And now, we are doing
a tribute to Prince.
This has to be over the top,
because Prince
was over the top.
And, I don't want
to let his fans down.
So this number has to be clean,
and it has to be amazing.
JESSALYNN:
I think we can all agree,
when we did
Michael Jackson,
it fell very short.
Yeah,
we knew this was not...
It was too far out,
like it was like...
...going to do
Michael Jackson justice.
No.
KIRA:
I think that, even though
they know the songs
that Prince sang,
they don't know the history
Yeah.
behind the artist.
HOLLY:
Right, exactly.
They don't really know
anything about him.
It looks like
purple rain!
Abby tends to do that,
where she gives us routines
that I don't really know
what he's about because
I was born in 2003, and...
I didn't know who Prince was.
ABBY LEE: Okay, I need you
to be stronger,
and when you're
feeling intense
and you think you're
doing this really big,
do it even bigger.
JESSALYNN: I feel like
the girls don't really
connect to stuff like this.
Because, let's face it,
Prince isn't
in their generation.
And it's hard for these girls
to relate.
Maybe give them something
that's more relatable to them.
If they don't find
a great connection,
we're in
major trouble.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
You're doing a piece called,
"Mirror Image."
Make the movements
match each other.
Brynn and JoJo
don't really dance alike.
That's why
I'm challenging them.
ANNOUNCER:
Pre‐teen duet.
Second place...
ABBY LEE:
JoJo and Brynn, you're up.
You're doing a piece
called, "Mirror Image."
The audience has
to see a mirror.
Make the movements
match each other,
so your leg is gonna
match her leg when it's up.
And vice versa.
So...
we need something to be high,
as far as,
the leg.
Okay, now‐now go.
Cross.
Yes.
That's better.
All right.
Go.
Brynn and JoJo don't really
dance alike.
That's why I'm challenging them
to this.
JoJo has a great personality.
She just needs to work
on that technique.
And Brynn has great technique,
but she needs
to make sure those judges
get her facial expression.
She doesn't dance big enough,
like a JoJo dancer.
♪ Sooner than later... ♪
ASHLEE:
This is Brynn and JoJo's
first duet ever.
Yeah. That's a good plot twist.
No, I think it'll be
good for them.
I think it'll be good for us.
ASHLEE: Yeah, it will be.
I mean,
there's always a time,
on every team, you have to work
with everybody
on the team.
It's the first time
we've had to do it.
It is no secret that Jess
is not my favorite person.
You stood there
and mocked her for crying!
Keep your big, fat nose
away from her!
Bitch.
But I am here for Brynn.
And it's important
this duet does well.
And I really have to,
for Brynn, bite my tongue,
not let Jess get on my nerves,
and try not to make waves.
I guess we'll see if that's
gonna happen or not.
But if JoJo and Brynn
are supposed to be mirror images
of each other,
I am really worried
that JoJo's technique
is not gonna be up to par
to match Brynn's.
I think she wants Jess and I
to find a way
to live in peace and harmony,
on this team,
and she thought this was
the best way to do it.
(moms laughing)
JILL: I don't.
Abby does not like
peace and harmony.
And she doesn't live
in a peaceful mind.
I think she put
her biggest cheerleader
and her biggest naysayer...
(Ashlee laughing)
...in a dance together.
ASHLEE:
That does make sense.
That makes more sense.
I was, I was joking.
She wants to sit back
with her Coke and her popcorn
and watch the fireworks.
HOLLY: This is entertainment
for her to see how you two
were gonna handle
this week and see how
her new beginnings
is gonna be tested.
ABBY LEE: All right girls,
let's go, come on, move it out.
Nia, Kendall, let's go.
So, the two of you are doing
a piece, "Telephone,"
Beyoncé, Lady Gaga.
It should just be cool.
You can take the movement
and make it cool‐‐ understood?
So, why don't we get center
stage and wrap that cord
around you somehow and get
in a really cool pose together.
Kendall has a duet with Nia.
Nia was our big winner
last week
so I chose her,
and, uh, you know,
I've been really trying
to give Kendall a routine
every single week.
I don't want her butt
sitting around doing nothing.
I want her to be working.
And they are doing
"Telephone,"
which is inspired
by the duet between Lady Gaga,
which would be Kendall,
and Beyoncé,
which would be Nia.
One, two, three.
Pop her, over, yes!
JILL:
Nia gets to play Beyoncé.
HOLLY: Yeah, you know,
she‐‐ that's a big thing
That's big.
for Nia, who loves Beyoncé.
Wants to go to her concert.
That's her thing.
She wants
to meet her one day.
She would love
to work with her.
I mean, that's just, like,
that's who she looks up to.
So the fact that
she gets to do a duet
and she gets
to portray Beyoncé...
that's just like,
that's‐that's up there.
I just wish
it wasn't this week.
Nia's been feeling
under the weather recently.
She has strep throat.
But she really wants
to do this dance.
This is rough on Nia
for her health
not to be 100%
when she wants to give 110%,
is actually heartbreaking.
ABBY LEE:
Nia, you're way down low.
Plié, dig your back foot.
Get your back foot up
and go way down.
No, no.
Not even close.
HOLLY: Last time Nia
and Kendall had a duet,
and she had to fill in
for Kalani,
that was bad.
♪ Hands in the... ♪
Oh...
I let everyone down!
You didn't let everyone down.
Yes, I did.
Kendall is mad at me.
I wanted the next time for
Kendall and Nia to have a duet
whenever that was,
that was gonna be
top of the game,
feeling great about it
from the very beginning.
This is Kendall and Nia's shot
at redeeming themselves.
We cannot have a repeat
of the last duet
that they had.
I just pray that Nia
starts to feel better soon.
The last thing
that Kendall needs right now
is a repeat disaster duet.
Someone's gonna be
the pageant princess,
gonna win the crown
actually in the routine.
I'm gonna be like...
Like...
Maybe, I mean‐‐
Well, that depends.
Are you a good sport
in real life
or do you get get mad
whenever you're wrong.
ELLIANA: I don't get mad.
I just say,
"Well, I tried."
I just say I'm gonna
try harder next time.
It teaches you
to be humble and happy
for the other people
that do it.
Okay.
ELLIANA:
I feel like
I would deserve the crown
because the other day,
I got food poisoning
in my food, and I still
went to seven classes at ALDC.
And I feel like
I'm a leader and...
I'm not trying to brag,
but I feel like
I'm a good dancer, too.
GIANNA:
On the first eight counts,
nobody's transitioning.
We're just dancing right here
in our own little square.
Okay, so
rond de jambe, step.
One, two, three.
Five, six, step, touch.
Okay, let's see what we have.
ABBY LEE:
The mini group routine
is based on
an old beauty pageant,
and the girls are
all vying for the crown.
I want their facial expressions
and their acting abilities
to enhance
the dance performance.
I want to see the girls
act like a winner.
Who has the acting chops?
Whoever wins the crown
at the end of this week,
might just be the girl I'm
looking for to lead this team.
TIFFANIE: The way I'm kind of
looking at it is Abby did
mention, like, one girl
was getting a‐a crown.
They're looking
for the next star
that's going to be able
to lead the team.
Who's going to be the
person that you cannot
replace on that team?
There's lots of dancers
that can, like, fit a role.
But unless you have that
central person that, like,
brings something that
not anyone else can bring,
you'll never have it.
Like, Maddie was
the center of the team.
YOLANDA: Well, it's true, but I
think every single one of them
are extremely strong.
I think each child
should be able to have
the ability to be a leader.
I don't think
that it worked well.
I don't think it was a positive
thing for all those years.
STACEY:
What did the other girls
feel like?
Always being the, uh,
like a background dancer,
kind of?
TIFFANIE: Alexus would never be
backup dancer.
That's not in
her personality.
SARI: I think that
Tiffanie's very selfish,
and she's very consumed
with only how Alexus
is doing, not how the girls are
working together as a team.
She thinks her daughter's
the next Maddie.
Tiffanie needs to realize
that Abby is going to be the one
who picks the crown, not her.
TIFFANIE:
I think she's kind of like,
you know, recognizing
Alexus as the leader.
She's the point,
she's the focus.
KERRI:
I don't agree with that.
YOLANDA:
She's not been the point.
She has.
You look at‐‐
No, she's not the point.
You‐you even told me
Alexus demands
your attention.
I, and I was
giving her a compliment.
And I couldn't even
look at my own kid.
I was giving her
a compliment.
KERRI: She'll take compliments
and twist 'em.
So I wouldn't give her
a compliment.
You could be
in a large line of 25 people
and still stand out in the back.
My daughter stands out
regardless.
So, whatever.
(chuckles)
You're tripping, girl.
You're tripping.
You're crazy.
Abby loves my daughter.
What is she talking about?
(scoffs)
This conversation
is over,
because you're delusional.
Tiffanie's saying that
her daughter's the leader.
Her daughter's in charge.
But Abby's made it
very clear that
Ari's one of Abby's favorites
and my daughter is
going to receive the crown‐‐
I'm confident in that.
GIANNA:
Let's keep reviewing, okay?
We should never stop
thinking about this routine
from now until Saturday.
If you have any counts
about questions, ask Alexus.
(scoffs)
TIFFANIE:
The fact that Gianna
was telling the other girls
to go to Alexus
if they had any questions,
just proves
that Alexus is becoming
the leader of the team.
And I do not know why
these moms will not accept that.
So who do we think's
gonna get the crown?
(scoffs)
KERRI: I definitely think
it's up for grabs.
TIFFANIE: I'm 100% confident
Alexus will get the crown.
Hey, you're talking
to the wrong person, honey.
You're delusional.
But then walk away.
Walk away.
You're delusional.
My daughter's the best
one on this team!
Get in my face.
She leads this team.
She's taught every single one
of your daughters at night
No. No.
while you guys got drunk!
SARI:
No!
You need to back up
out of my face.
Or what?
You need to back up
out of my face.
Or what?!
You need to back the (bleep)
out of my face, bitch.
What's gonna happen?
You gonna hit me?
Stop, you need to stop.
Oh, no, I'd never.
What's gonna happen?
Never.
Don't (bleep)
walk up to me, bitch.
What's gonna happen?
Stop it!
Or what?
Stop! We're a team!
I don't want to be
associated with trash.
Whatever.
You guys, honestly, we have
to come together as a team.
It's not a problem, it's‐‐
That's‐that's the problem.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
JESSALYNN:
Lindsley is a friend of mine
and she danced with Prince.
LINDSLEY:
Okay, can we stop?
It's very boring.
JILL:
We can't go down in flames
like we did
with Michael Jackson.
We have teen group...
We really need for this
to be amazing.
So, let me see what we have
with my beauty
pageant winners here.
Let's go.
YOLANDA: Tiffanie, you're
looking really, pretty solemn
over there‐‐
what's going on?
I‐I don't even know
what to say, I don't...
Well, you obviously
have something to say.
You had a lot to say yesterday.
When? When we were here?
I said it.
I'm really emotional
about my kid.
But I can't handle
this bickering.
I'm actually not gonna say
anything, because it affects
Alexus.
She's so talented.
I'm just gonna let her dancing
speak for itself.
Smile!
Acting‐wise,
the girls really need
to play this off well.
I want to see the girls act
like a winner.
Which one of these minis
is going to rise
to the occasion?
You just lift
my leg up.
Not you.
You're not strong enough.
You guys, you just lift it.
You got to be strong.
Like, you have to do the work.
I can't‐‐ ooh!
AREANNA:
I got it!
Easy, easy, easy, easy.
Okay.
Oh, sorry about that.
Ooh. Okay.
Thank you.
I think we need
some acting here.
You two are gonna be like,
(gasping)
"Is it me?
"Oh, my God,
I'm so nervous."
(gasping)
So, you need,
I need all that acting‐‐ go.
What are they saying?
What are they doing?
Is it me?
Look at each other.
What are we doing?
No, you're, like, sleeping.
You like you're Helen Keller
or something.
Go!
Oh, my goodness.
And you, put your hands on
your hips and be like this.
Yes, okay, good.
Now,
the person that I pick
is gonna go...
(gasps)
And you're gonna step
forward out of the group.
And you're gonna exit
stage left, waving.
Okay, let me pretend.
JoJo and Brynn, come down.
Back up a little bit.
JOJO:
Good luck.
All right?
And the winner is...
♪ Dun dun dun dun. ♪
Wave, do your wave.
Wave pretty.
It's your‐‐ Go off.
Exit stage left.
Wave, wave.
Yes.
Okay, let's try another girl.
LINDSLEY:
Hi!
How are you?
Good to see you again.
Good to see you!
Thank you so much for coming.
Oh, you're so welcome!
I appreciate it so much.
Lindsley is a friend of mine.
And she danced with Prince.
She danced with him
for five years.
And I think what a great
real experience
for these girls
to get to know somebody
that danced with an artist
that they're doing
a tribute to this week.
So devastating, so sad.
What did you do for him?
I worked with from '92
to '97.
We had a group of us
that were sort of his muses.
Like a core group
of people.
So we were with him
every single day working
really closely with him.
And I learned
so much from him.
He was like this phenomenal
genius master for sure.
JESSALYNN: So, let's walk in
and talk to Abby.
And just know that sometimes
she's open to things
and sometimes she isn't...
(moms talking over one another)
Take my lead, and I got you.
(laughter)
There's no winner yet.
We don't know who the winner is.
So what is the winning
gonna be based off of?
Their ability with Gianna,
the performance aspect.
Hello!
So nice to meet you.
I‐I'm‐I'm, I hurt my knee,
so I'm not gonna get up.
Don't think I'm rude.
I'm‐I'm just not gonna
get up and down.
Of course, no,
you take care of yourself.
Okay?
It's great to see you.
So great to see you.
She also is here
if you want her
to look at the dance.
Yes, yes.
So, do you want
to dismiss this or‐‐?
I‐I, yes.
Girls?
You can go in here.
I don't want to hear
any talking.
And go ahead in, okay.
JESSALYNN:
I am so annoyed.
When the minis are here,
Abby is like a flake.
All right, and you know what?
Something is gonna
give this week
and it is not gonna be
this Prince tribute,
and I am going to make
sure of that, so I think
bringing in Lindsley is going
give these girls
some insight on Prince and...
it's great for them
to do something like this.
LINDSLEY:
So can I see what you guys have
been working on?
(girls clamoring)
♪ Sometimes I feel so tired ♪
♪ So tired... ♪
Okay, can we stop?
It's very boring.
I need you
to know what
this song is about.
And the story
that you are telling.
So what do you hear
when you hear this song?
So, need to listen
to the lyrics,
and if it's that essence
of "Purple Rain,"
there's something really
magical happening, right?
At the same time,
it's deep as well.
I love that he was
very theatrical.
You know,
he was such an artist.
It wasn't just about the steps
or about the music,
it was about
the entire story.
Why do you lift your arms?
Instead of just
putting them out there,
it has to come from your heart.
Right, you need to feel,
you need to fill up the space
around you‐‐ ah!
So I just need some more meaning
behind your movement.
Let's start again.
Yes, better!
♪ Dry off your purple tears ♪
♪ And look deep... ♪
Good!
Much better!
Did you guys feel
a little bit better?
I felt like
I could feel more.
Kendall, when you did
your little‐‐ excuse me.
When you did your little thing
and you're facing that way,
um, you were a contraction
and release‐‐ bigger.
Bigger, bigger,
bigger, bigger, bigger.
The‐the music is powerful.
So I need my girls
to be powerful.
As far as a professional dancer
coming into my studio
and sharing intimate details of
a working relationship
with Prince,
that's wonderful.
But we're doing
a routine in two days,
so we can make changes,
but that's an evolution,
and in Prince's world
at Paisley Park,
that happens.
At the Abby Lee Dance Company,
we don't always
have time for that.
Bye, guys.
Say again.
What?!
I want to do the duet...
I‐I, sweetheart,
I love you.
I know what you mean.
NIA: Yeah.
It's not wanting.
You don't feel up
to this duet this week
for competition in‐in a day,
to leave tomorrow.
Okay.
HOLLY:
Nia's not feeling well.
It's one thing for her
to perform in the group number
this week,
especially since she doesn't
have a featured role in it.
But Nia's been waiting to do
a Beyoncé‐inspired dance,
and if she was
to do it this week,
she wouldn't do it justice.
KIRA: Did you know
she was doing that?
Did you know she was
feeling that way
or did she just
decide on her own?
I know she was trying to figure
out what she was going to do.
She wasn't,
she wasn't feeling well
when she came back from school.
And I said, "Well,
it's gonna be up to you."
KIRA: That's her icon,
so she doesn't want to‐‐
You don't want to do Beyoncé
and be wimpy about it.
Beyoncé's not a wimpy...
JESSALYNN:
No. She's already had
duo trouble, like,
you're coming off of a good win.
There's no need.
HOLLY:
Exactly.
KENDALL: If we were to do
the duet this week,
would you give me,
like, would I do it Kalani
since she's the only one
who doesn't have a duo?
ABBY LEE:
Kalani?
Yeah.
The last time
you guys did a duet,
your back was bothering you.
We pulled you,
we stuck Nia in.
It was a hot mess.
They did not know it.
Now, it's the reverse.
Nia's sick,
you're gonna jump in.
I'm a little nervous
for my duet this week.
Kalani's just been
thrown into my duet and
I hope Kalani and I can just
get through it this week 'cause
I really just want to keep up my
good streak that I have going.
ABBY LEE: So, girls,
the name of your routine.
is TBA, to be determined.
It's gonna be connected,
it's gonna be wired,
it's going to be
lost connection.
Something like that.
It's not gonna be "Telephone."
Like Lady Gaga and Beyonce.
Not gonna be that, all right.
I already had plans.
Now we need to see
what we can come up with
for Kalani and Kendall.
It's not the Lady Gaga
and Beyonce thing anymore.
(makes whoosh sound)
That went out the tubes
with Nia and her illness.
This has to be
something different.
But because...
we already invested
time and energy
in the cord choreography,
we're going with this.
I would go from the top
and just try to do something.
Go.
See that?
You're‐‐ you want to
show the audience
that you have this cord here.
Yes.
Now go.
From the top please.
♪ You call ♪
♪ Like the night jar ♪
KIRA:
I just can't believe that Abby
is gonna now put Kalani
in this duet
with only two days left.
They have a phone cord.
It's like the most
impossible prop ever.
♪ You call ♪
♪ Like the night jar ♪
It has a lot of potential.
You know, will they get it
finished in time?
Will it be okay to be on stage?
I don't know.
KIRA:
'Cause Abby, of course,
is, like, expecting perfection.
HOLLY:
Oh, yeah.
They're still learning.
JILL:
Well...
ABBY LEE:
Kendall, you could twist her
and step behind yourself
to over here.
They don't even know
what they're doing.
The cord is gonna
come out of their hands,
it's gonna poke someone
in the eye.
It's bad news.
ABBY LEE: You have to worry
about your feet in the mirror.
And that's what scares me,
is you don't...
You've done it wrong 100 times,
and every time you practice it,
goofing around wrong,
you're putting it in
your body that it's wrong.
Kendall and Kalani are gonna
really need to buckle down.
Because we are well
into the rehearsal week.
And these girls,
they have to learn this fast.
These two have
a lot on the line.
The telephone line.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
We gave up a lot to be here.
Whoa!
Open your mouth
and say one more word,
and your kid's
not in that number.
JILL: You guys are so fortunate
to be here. Take what you got.
Small Wonders group,
third place.
♪ ♪
ABBY LEE:
All right, girls, let's see.
♪ Surfing along California ♪
♪ Swimming and getting a tan ♪
YOLANDA: So, tomorrow, who do
you think should get the crown?
KERRI:
We all want our daughter.
If it's gonne be a
leader, it's Areana.
And if it's about strength,
it's gonna be Peyton.
If it's gonna be
about flexibility,
its gonna be Lilliana.
But I can't say
this week its about Leslie.
STACEY:
I totally agree.
TIFFANIE:
These moms
are still so fixated on Alexus
and why they don't want her
to get the crown.
They'd be happy with anyone
getting the crown
except for Alexus.
That's what
I don't understand.
All the girls have a trick.
All the girls are showcasing
something, but she does a...
What is that?
It's 'cause Alexus is a star.
So she doesn't have to
do a dance?
TIFFANIE:
She's the middle.
She comes walking up
in the middle.
Why can't she do a dance move
in the middle?
We have turns, we have
leaps, we have aerials.
Flips, we got front aerials.
She's done them all.
She has not done them.
She hasn't.
You guys are all
talking about one kid,
and it's mine.
I'll take it.
I'll take that you guys
are so concerned about what my
daughter's doing in the dance.
I'll take it
any day of the week.
I'm gonna actually go over here
and see what their doing
with the dance.
Good. Hope you trip
and fall on your face.
GIANNA:
All right, switch.
TIFFANIE:
Give me a break
from these mothers.
(chuckles)
You poor thing.
YOLANDA: She wants to be‐be able
to put others down
to make her daughter go up.
Hi.
MOMS:
Hello.
How's everybody doing?
We're good, how are you?
There she is!
YOLANDA: Do you need some help
getting in, Abby?
ABBY LEE: Yes.
YOLANDA: Here, let me open the
door for you.
I'm actually really excited
for this dance.
And I love Alexus' part in it.
The other moms, I just
have a question, Abby.
The other moms say that Alexus'
choreography in this dance
isn't as hard as theirs
'cause she's not as good.
Oh, do you know
what was just said?
KERRI:
What?
"The other moms just wanted..."
And then...
the door closed.
So, she's, like, throwing us
underneath the bus
to Abby right now.
TIFFANIE: And what I've
noticed about Alexus
is she is an all‐around dancer,
but she really can tell
that story on the stage,
and the judges believe it.
ABBY LEE: You're gonna
need to work on something
that can wow people
before they get to know you,
before they work with you.
STACEY: Should we go in and see
if there's anything we can do?
I'll go.
Oh, my gosh.
What's going on?
I don't know, but...
I don't know.
ABBY LEE:
Like a catch‐turn,
or... or a cool thing
on the floor.
You know, that. But...
we talked about that,
and she knows that.
KIRA:
We're down to one hour
before we get on this bus
to go to competition
and this group number isn't
even close to being finished.
I'll be damned
if these mini‐moms
want to interrupt
rehearsal time over a crown.
Why are they going
in there when...
Okay, nope, nope,
this is not happening.
This is not happening.
the big kids are...
You know what?
This is not happening.
This is these kids'
rehersal time.
Get out.
I'm serious.
These kids don't
know their dance.
Get out.
I'm over it.
Get out!
Thank you.
So please exit.
Exit. Get out!
STACEY:
Let's go. Just trying to help.
You're not helping when these
kids don't know their dance.
STACEY: It had nothing
to do with you.
KIRA: It doesn't have to.
Have respect.
Thanks, Kira.
♪ ♪
(girls cheering)
ABBY LEE: We have,
competing today, four numbers.
We have the Mini team,
and they are doing
a specialty routine
about a beauty pageant.
The ALDC Junior League team
is doing
a tribute to Prince.
I'm wearing a sash and a tiara,
and the color purple because I'm
trying to reprsent both teams.
That seems fair to me.
(girls cheering)
Abby on the back of the golf
cart with the crown and the sash
waving like Miss America
to her fans
is actually hysterical.
This is what Abby came for,
so let her have it.
ABBY LEE:
This is the best way to do it.
This is the way to do it.
MAN:
There you go.
ABBY LEE: We should always do it
with golf carts.
♪ ♪
ABBY LEE:
Hey.
How's it going?
Okay, so,
go over there in that room,
and get their headpieces
sewn in.
And then I'm
gonna yell for them.
Okay?
I mean, they don't mind
that we're here.
STACEY:
There's plenty of room.
Is there any reason why they
can't get ready right here?
Yes, because I said so.
So, get over there,
get your headpieces sewn in,
start getting warmed up,
and then I call for you,
and you come running out.
Thank you.
TIFFANIE:
Abby's really asking us
to go into that room
over there?
No, we are Abby's
offical mini team.
We deserve to be out here
and experience everything
that they're experiencing.
And all the other moms
just walk in there
like it's okay.
I just feel that we gave up
a lot to be here, and I...
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
I never want‐‐
I want to make you drop
and give me 50 push‐ups
for that.
I don't want to hear that again,
"I gave up all this to be here."
I mean, I honestly think
we should be sitting
right next to them.
We're just as equal as them.
No, you are not equal.
You have not earned
the right to sit down.
Think again.
What is gonna earn
our kids the right?
JILL:
Five years, girlfriend.
It will come.
Why do you have to come
for three weeks and think
you have done what
these kids have done?
Well, they started like this,
and we should start like this.
No, they didn't start like this.
We didn't start like this.
How did you start then?
Maybe enlighten me.
You think we started
with millions of people
loving us and following us
on social media? No!
Well, every time
Tiffanie opens her mouth,
she ruins it for
our entire group.
Yeah.
I want dance training
and my daughter's
technique fixed.
I don't care about all this
other fame stuff
that Tiffanie's all about.
Right?
JILL: You guys are
so fortunate to be here.
Take what you got.
If the room in the back
isn't good enough,
go somewhere else.
There's a thousand other people
that would take your place
in a heartbeat.
TIFFANIE:
And you think they'd like to be
banished to a room in the back?
Open your mouth
and say one more word
and your kid's
not in that number.
Whatever.
JILL:
They can't stand
that they don't have
Abby's undivided attention
all the time, you know?
There are two teams,
and there's only one Abby.
ABBY LEE:
I cannot believe that woman.
"You don't know what
I gave up to be here."
I'm like, "What?
Your (bleep) little house,
"and your (bleep) little
husband?
And your (bleep) little life?"
Hey, there's kids in the room.
I know, you've heard
(bleep) before.
KERRI: Did that work
out well for you?
What is your problem?
SARI:
Um, you know what?
Our children being ready is
more important than arguing.
Than standing up
for what you believe in.
No, no, she's gonna
work with our children
when we're done.
KERRI: She doesn't want
us in there right now.
She wants our girls being
ready, and maybe there's
a reason for that.
SARI:
Thank you.
Well, you know what
matters to me?
Sticking up for myself.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
It is a gift to be here.
You don't deserve it.
Got it?
KALANI: This is probably
one of the hardest dances
I've ever done.
Me and Kendall
have to pull it off.
♪ ♪
Who needs to run
this one more time?
Teen duet specialty.
Number 82.
"Disconnected."
KALANI: I have to admit,
this is probably
one of the hardest dances
I've ever done,
because most of the time
you don't wrap yourself up
in a telephone cord when you're
doing your dance.
It's gonna be really difficult
and me and Kendall
have to pull it off
because I stepped in for Nia and
I do not want to let her down,
or anybody else down.
♪ Wear your crown ♪
ABBY LEE: Eyes up, Kendall,
even when you're doing that.
React to that. Ch...
React to that.
Next.
♪ Sooner than later ♪
♪ We'll finally awake ♪
ASHLEE: Brynn and JoJo's duo
is really good.
The costume is beautiful,
the music is good.
I just don't know if it's
as dynamic as the other duo.
There's not as much movement,
so even though it's good,
I don't know if it's as good
as Kalani and Kendall's.
The head goes front.
It lifts, it lifts,
and it looks back.
It never goes down.
All right, good.
HOLLY:
Abby, what's your vision for...
Brynn and JoJo?
Because they both
have the same blonde hair,
and about the same size.
Or was it about trying to unite,
I don't know,
Jess and Ashlee?
A little bit?
It's an interesting time
to do that pairing.
It was, yeah.
Well, whatever her reasons are,
the choreography is good
and the costume is beautiful,
so whatever it was, I like it.
All right, you two,
"Disconnected."
We don't want the dance
to be disconnected.
We want it to be perfect.
You've worked hard
on this dance.
If it doesn't go as planned,
then whatever happens
with the cord,
I don't want to see it
on either face.
Okay?
Girls, you're "Mirror Image."
So, it has to be in unison.
Hopefully when you
worked together this week,
you learned from each other.
And hopefully
your mothers learned
that it's better
to work together
than to work against each other.
That's a waste of energy.
So, fix the hair.
Ladies, try to match that makeup
up a little bit.
Okay, are we good?
Is it time to go?
And I think we're good.
♪ ♪
KIRA: There's so many things
that could go wrong
with this prop.
From one of them dropping it,
to...
one of them
getting hit with it.
'Cause it is a phone cord.
I'm just keeping
my fingers crossed
that everything goes well.
I'm sorry that you were
thrown into this.
I obviously don't expect...
It's okay.
for you to do perfect, so...
If something bad happens,
we just got to figure it
out and keep going, okay?
Mm‐hmm.
So we don't get
yelled at by Abby.
ANNOUNCER: Entry number 82
will be "Disconnected"
with Kendall and Kalani.
(audience cheers and applauds)
♪ You call ♪
♪ Like the night jar ♪
♪ I'd rather sleep alone ♪
♪ Than wear your crown ♪
♪ You call ♪
♪ Like the night jar ♪
♪ Like the last star ♪
♪ I'd rather sleep alone ♪
♪ Six feet down ♪
♪ Than wear your crown. ♪
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER:
Thank you, number 82.
(whooping and yelling)
I love you, I'm so excited.
(grunts)
This show is so good,
like, I can't wait.
Yeah.
ASHLEE: Surprisingly, Jess and I
have gotten along all week
without making any waves.
I just really hope
that JoJo's technique
will be as strong
as Brynn's onstage.
Because Kendall and Kalani's
duet was pretty amazing.
ANNOUNCER:
Please welcome to the stage
entry number 81, "Mirror Image."
(cheers and applause)
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
It's time to pick my winner.
The crown goes to...
KIRA: I think your
little girl stole the show.
TIFFANIE:
I want my daughter
to be the next Maddie.
ANNOUNCER:
Pl
entry number 81, "Mirror Image."
(cheers and applause)
♪ ♪
♪ Sooner than later ♪
♪ We'll finally awake ♪
♪ Look in the mirror ♪
♪ Cripples my weary soul ♪
♪ Our lives they lead ♪
♪ Into eternity ♪
♪ When everything ♪
♪ Is washed into the sea. ♪
(audience cheering)
Oh, thank God.
(mumbles)
JILL:
Oh, my God!
HOLLY: That was amazing!
JILL: Gia, you proud of them?
That was the way to do it.
Two great numbers.
(whoops)
That was great.
(all cheering, clamoring)
Standing ovation.
Gia, thanks for that‐‐
and Abby‐‐
thanks for that
very unique number.
It was fabulous.
Fabulous!
Look what you guys can do
when you put your mind to it.
That was so good!
Good to know.
JILL:
Abby gave our girls
great routines,
and they were amazing.
It just goes to show
that when these girls are given
higher‐caliber dances,
they can shine.
ABBY LEE:
Minis!
Let's go!
All right.
It's time to pick my winner.
Back it up.
Spread apart.
Okay.
I need you to play the ending
for them to be nervous.
Girls, I need each girl
pretend to be the winner.
Ready?
Let's go!
♪ And here she is ♪
♪ Miss Cali Cutie! ♪
ABBY LEE:
Okay.
All right, so that was her.
Okay, now let's see
who's next in line.
Ready?
♪ Miss Cali Cutie! ♪
Good.
Who's next?
♪ Miss Cali Cutie! ♪
Okay, next.
All right, next.
I need a reaction
from you guys.
Sometimes when you're going
for an acting role,
you go in for one part and they
like you for another part.
And I think we just
saw that happen.
Because actually
we liked you exiting that way
making fun of her.
And your acting skills
were much better.
So you got that part.
So ham it up the whole time,
be like...
Do all the same faces you did.
Yes?
Okay.
And the winner is...
ABBY LEE:
So...
without further ado...
I'm 100% confident
Alexus will get that crown.
...the crown...
...goes to...
...contestant...
number four, Areana.
(girls cheering)
Yeah, that looks way better.
(whoops)
That's my baby.
ABBY LEE:
I choose Areana because
her poise,
her personality screams
pageant winner.
It really does.
She has that down pat.
Plus, I like her mother.
She's sweet and nice to me.
Maybe she's a kiss‐butt,
but I don't care.
Girls, get up here,
get up here, get up here.
Everybody, remember,
it is a gift to be here.
Don't take it for granted.
You don't deserve it.
You don't get it handed
to you on a silver platter.
You have to earn
things in life.
You earn respect.
You earn
a spot on the team.
Got it?
Yes.
All right.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
ALL: Five, six, seven, eight,
clap, clap, snap, snap,
knee, knee, stretch, stretch,
turn around, snap.
I feel kind of nervous.
I mean, sometimes I get
butterflies in my stomach.
But my cheer coach once told me
that if you have butterflies
in your stomach,
it's a good thing,
'cause you know
you're gonna do really well.
ANNOUNCER:
Please welcome to the stage,
"Cali Cuties."
(cheering)
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
ASHLEE:
There's a lot of kids here.
I don't think
it's gonna be an easy win.
Do you feel bad that you stole
the crown from your daughter?
That crown does not define you.
(laughs)
Oh, now it doesn't.
ANNOUNCER:
Please welcome t
"Cali Cuties."
(cheering)
♪ ♪
♪ Surfing along California ♪
♪ The girls are the best
in the land ♪
♪ Malibu coast
where the girls all play ♪
♪ Running their toes
in the sand ♪
♪ Girls in bikinis
and ocean waves ♪
♪ Nowhere else
that I'd rather hang ♪
♪ Girls ♪
♪ Cali cuties ♪
♪ Girls, girls... ♪
♪ And here she is ♪
♪ Miss Cali Cutie! ♪
(audience cheering)
YOLANDA:
I'm so proud of the girls.
They went out there,
they were sassy,
they were technical.
They had all the elements and
they were amazing.
One, two, three,
four, five, six, seven,
one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven,
One, two, three,
four, five, six, seven...
JILL:
This is big.
This is Prince.
We can't go down in flames
like we did
with Michael Jackson
and then we did with Madonna.
We really need for this
to be freaking amazing.
ANNOUNCER:
Please welcome to the stage,
entry number 83,
"Purple Fame."
(cheering)
Go, girls!
♪ ♪
♪ Sometimes I feel so tired ♪
♪ So tired ♪
♪ I'm not sure I can go on ♪
♪ But I won't let it
get me down ♪
♪ I won't let it get me down ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
I got to stand tall ♪
♪ To be strong ♪
♪ 'Cause every step I take ♪
♪ Reminds why I'm here ♪
♪ This is what
I was born to do ♪
♪ So put on your purple shoes ♪
♪ Take it all in stride ♪
♪ Put on your purple dress ♪
♪ And enjoy the ride ♪
♪ Dry off your purple tears ♪
♪ And look deep inside ♪
♪ Reach out to the world ♪
♪ And ♪
♪ Show your purple pride ♪
♪ Your purple pride. ♪
(song ends)
(cheering)
ASHLEE:
This was my favorite group
dance of the season so far.
I feel like they nailed it, but
it's a big competition today.
There's a lot of kids here.
I don't think it's
gonna be an easy win.
I hope the judges think
it's as amazing as we did.
ANNOUNCER:
All right, did we have
a good time today?
Yeah, okay.
(all cheering)
You ready for some awards?
(louder cheering)
So, let's get ready
for our pre‐teen duet.
JESSALYNN:
I have to give it to Abby.
Our dances are good this week.
You know, we want the girls
to continue to get
difficult, new,
creative choreography.
And if these girls
don't bring home a win,
Abby might not
do that anymore, you know?
We might get washed‐up routines
that Abby did ten years ago.
ANNOUNCER:
Third place entry number 53,
"Good Morning."
Second place...
entry number 56,
"I Won't Let Go."
(applause)
In first place...
entry number 81,
"Mirror Image."
(audience cheering)
Brynn and JoJo
winning the category is great.
And you know, watching
our kids become friends,
it definitely inspires
the mothers to get along.
New beginnings,
it's just new beginnings.
ANNOUNCER:
We have teen duet.
This has been a great start
for Kendall.
She's had great dances
every week.
And I don't want that to stop.
Bigger and better things
will come for Kendall.
If she keeps getting
great choreography
and she keeps winning,
she'll get more and more
attention from Abby.
ANNOUNCER; Third place,
entry number 55, "Us."
(cheering)
Second place...
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
We have teen group.
KIRA: Our track record
with tribute dances
isn't the best.
Second place...
ANNOUNCER:
We have teen duet.
Second place, entry number 54,
"The River."
And first place
in the teen duet category
goes to...
...entry number 82,
"Disconnected."
(audience cheering)
KALANI:
Kendall and I have wanted
to have an amazing duet
for such a long time.
And we finally did,
and we went on stage
and killed it.
It's such a great feeling
knowing that we won.
I mean, who doesn't
love winning?
(laughs)
Next we have
Small Wonders Group.
Second place,
entry number ten,
"The Juice Crew."
(applause)
And first place
in the Small Wonders Group...
...goes to entry number 80,
"Cali Cuties."
(cheering)
YOLANDA:
I'm so proud of the girls.
I knew exactly
where they would be,
and that was gonna be on top.
And that's where they were.
We have Teen Group.
KIRA:
This Prince dance was fabulous,
but our track record
with tribute dances
isn't the best.
We sure as heck
better win with Prince.
ANNOUNCER:
Second place...
...entry number 83,
"Purple Fame."
(applause)
JILL:
I don't know.
Abby tried to give equal
amounts of time to the elites
and the minis.
In the end,
it worked out for the minis.
It did not work out
for the elites.
And you know what?
It shouldn't be equal.
We have been here
from the beginning.
The elites should be
Abby's priority.
They always were before.
You proud of the girls?
All of them?
Your minis won.
ABBY LEE: I'm proud of them.
The minis did well.
They were great.
What did you think?
I want your honest opinion.
As far as we're concerned,
you had a good week.
And we're still having trouble
getting the group together.
I thought our new Lilli
as a group member was good.
Do you think she's
a good part of the team?
Absolutely, yes.
And you've been
very well‐behaved.
Thank you.
So far,
Lilliana and her mother,
who is a psychologist,
have been a fabulous fit
to this group.
I think the mother is going
to have an analysis
for me at the end
of a couple weeks
on everyone's behavior.
Because there are
some psychos here.
That's definite.
Now, who's the mother
with the mouth? You.
I'd watch what you're giving up
and you're sacrificing
and blah, blah, blah.
I can find a lot of kids
that can do four walks forward
and a hip and a hip.
Everyone's replaceable.
She still took the part that you
gave her and made it her own,
and she shined
on that stage.
She stole the show today.
KIRA: I don't think
she stole the show.
I think your little girl
stole the show
when she walked off stage!
That was so funny!
That was good.
She said...
She was all...
YOLANDA: She put it out there.
She put it out there.
KIRA: The mom that has
the mouth, that talks,
that thinks their
daughter's all that‐‐
I don't think she's all that.
I just said‐‐
You just said
she stole the show!
You basically said she was
the only one on the stage
that did anything.
No, I do think
my daughter's good.
KIRA:
Abby?
Thank you.
I think you need
to get off your knee now
and go catch your flight.
Yes, okay.
So, thank you.
Thank you.
ABBY LEE:
Girls, thank you.
GIRLS:
Thank you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Thank you, thank you.
Bye, babe, bye.
Thank you, Miss Abby.
I definitely think
the minis can handle
the pressure of a competition.
I think they have
what it takes.
But their mothers?
No way in hell!
Their mothers all act like
they're in seventh grade.
It's disgusting.
Do you feel bad that you stole
the crown from your daughter?
She pretty much had the crown,
and your mouth stole it.
That crown does not define you.
Alexus was amazing
on that stage, period.
(laughs)
Oh, now it doesn't.
It doesn't now?
Performing on that stage
defines Alexus and a dancer.
And she was fabulous.
She's the one that you looked
at through the whole routine.
I bet you a three‐year‐old
can jazz walk
just as well as she can.
Watch, I can do it.
In heels, I can do it.
In heels.
That's not hard.
Someplace where we continue
to struggle is the teamwork.
And it continues
to hamper our abilities
to be able to get
to where we want to be.
Well, we can't be a team
if someone says their
daughter stole the show.
YOLANDA:
As long as you continue
to go ahead
and just put your child
above everybody else,
above the team,
our girls
are being affected.
I'd be lying if I
said I didn't want
my daughter to shine
on the stage. It'd be a lie.
It's always my, my, my, my, my!
How about we say
we, we, we, we, we?
We've got to look at,
like, different pronouns.
I'm here for my daughter.
That's what it is.
I want
my daughter
to be the next Maddie‐‐
Maddie was amazing!
KERRI:
My throat is dry
by talking to somebody
who won't listen.
Okay, you know what?
Yeah.
ABBY LEE:
Next on Dance Moms...
KIRA: I feel like this is gonna
be the cheesiest number ever.
Abby, this cannot go on stage.
None of the kids
are doing this number.
ASHLEE: The first week
we actually get a lyrical,
you guys pull out
of the competition.
You are delusional!
We get under their skin.
They would not be this bothered
if they were not threatened.
KIRA: I'm not gonna let a bunch
of mothers of seven‐year‐olds
degrade our children.
We need to know where you stand.
KIRA:
Get out!
Are you injured in any way?
You're a role model!
Who are you?